Aunt Chu Chu, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place. Where is the bathroom?
The bathroom is here
Whose is that pink room?
That is Secretary Su's room, thank you
You're welcome.
Su Wenqing was actually one step ahead of you
Don't think you can steal Master Fan like this
You wait for me.
Mr. Fan leaves early
You see, it's up to me
I'll send it later.
Now you are my identity
You need to be familiar with the company's business
To face various emergencies
Do you remember what I told you yesterday?
Well, remember to open your mouth
OK
My Sugar
Eat less junk food to ruin my body
I will eat fat to death you
Just a reminder.
Although you are my identity now
But I pay you.
If you do something that damages my image, you can directly deduct the money.
What a stinky skin
Uh-huh.
Ok secretary su
What leftover sugar?
Oops, no more, really, really.
Hey, hey, hey.